[Music]
I'm open and jorginho jorge falls from
capital to pirate island
the dolphin to prepare the land and its
friends to take a boat trip
everyone abobo is good even for their
friends are wearing santa rita vest
Jorge, you can wear my hat.
get crazy
today we are going to sail to the island of
pirate
if we are lucky we can find a
treasure buried pirate island
looks like a great pirate's daughter's place
This is a metal detector.
to find a buried treasure
[Music]
grandpa is using a metal detector
to find a buried summary
the metal detector one thing let's go
dig up is a bad day is a
treasure
[Music]
we'll find more options something else
seems pretty big
Life but pox with this heavy shears
what things that are is a treasure
buried is a rusty cart O
I think it's enough of the treasure hunt who
want to make a great sand castle
that great grandma idea I'll take a
look at the grandfather clay will help the
children to make a great castle of
sand while Grandpa does things
of the vacuum
Okay, I think I 'm going to give a
dinha closed my eyes with a hood
and the children are making a big
sand castle will need a lot of
sand
children use the buckets to make the
towers of beautiful castle castle
it's time to go wherever the boat is
Look, just go and Grandpa is sleeping and
The boat is leaving.
we have to wake up the flight scream the
as high as possible
A pulls Grandpa's still sleeping Grandpa
you're too far away to hear that we're
prisoners on pirate island
We are shipwrecked gen. We are going to spend 100
years here
I think we're going to have to eat
berries and we're going to have to
eat insects and slugs
the parents arrived to pick up the kids
where I am
Hi guys, you guys had fun like this
good is that means is I forgot one
thing I'll be back soon Grandpa is riding
wheel
Welcome on board, my dear ones.
Grandpa taken thought we had forgotten
of us
Sorry grandpa but next time I
I promise not to fall asleep
[Music]
I already sent the date until soon
I love pirate island we can visit
again
But of course, drink.
[Music]
he